Early Rouge Otter

Invalid

# Missing `MIN_DEAD_SHARES` check before burning in `Burve::burn()`.

### Summary

`Burve` enforces a minimum dead shares `MIN_DEAD_SHARES` threshold of 100 tokens during the minting process `Burve::mint()`, ensuring `Burve::totalShares` remains above this value. However, during the burning process `Burve::burn()`, shares are deducted from `Burve::totalShares` without validation to uphold this threshold. While the likelihood of `Burve::totalShares` falling below the minimum dead shares is extremely low, this inconsistency introduces a potential logical flaw.

### Root Cause

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2025-04-burve/blob/main/Burve/src/single/Burve.sol#L388-L391
```solidity
function burn(
uint256 shares,
uint160 lowerSqrtPriceLimitX96,
uint160 upperSqrtPriceLimitX96
)
external
withinSqrtPX96Limits(lowerSqrtPriceLimitX96, upperSqrtPriceLimitX96)
{
// ----SNIPPET------
// burn shares
totalShares -= shares;
_burn(msg.sender, shares);
// ----SNIPPET------
}
```

### Internal Pre-conditions

1. `Burve` contract must have a `MIN_DEAD_SHARES` threshold set i.e. 100 Burve LP tokens.
2. The `Burve::totalShares` must be close to the `MIN_DEAD_SHARES` value.
3. The burn function `Burve::burn()` does not enforce a validation check to ensure `Burve::totalShares` stays above `MIN_DEAD_SHARES`.

### External Pre-conditions

1. A user with shares in `Burve` contract to call the `Burve::burn()` function.

### Attack Path

There is no feasible attacker path for this issue, as users cannot intentionally cause `Burve::totalShares` to fall below the `MIN_DEAD_SHARES` threshold through the `Burve::burn()` function. The issue arises from an internal logic inconsistency where the threshold is enforced only during minting and not burning.

### Impact

The absence of a validation check in `Burve::burn()` could lead to `Burve::totalShares` falling below the `MIN_DEAD_SHARES` threshold.
Although unlikely, if `Burve::totalShares` is reduced to 0, it could temporarily disable minting, causing a partial denial of service (DoS) for the minting process.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Include a validation check in `Burve::burn()` to ensure the contract consistently enforces the minimum dead shares threshold. This prevents `Burve::totalShares` from falling below the defined limit during burn operations;

```solidity

if (totalShares - shares < MIN_DEAD_SHARES) revert("Burve: below threshold");
totalShares -= shares;

```

This adjustment maintains the contract's invariants and ensures predictable behavior under all circumstances.